RESOLVER

Our standard resolver has various functions.
It can delegate/allow external people/contracts to control a plot (controllers).

1)reselling the plot (need owner's final permission)
2)renting the plot
3)setting Post cost
4)set deposit (amount to deposit to have the permission to post, when you delete your post you get the deposit back)
4)open/close the plot (open=free post, close=need permission)
3)setting layer cost
4)open/close the plot layering (open=free layering, close=need permission)
5)delete post/layer
6)enter/exit group/state
7)create state
8)create group
9)add/remove permission to moderator/group/controller
10)create post/layer
11)send/accept partnership
12)invite/remove person/dao/AI in the community
13)change plot resolver  (need owner's final permission)
14)renew ENS listing

The resolver should be also the owner of the domain.eth (coordinates.eth)

GROUPS
Groups can obtain control over a plot. Groups can be private or DAOS or made by other groups.
A private group is a contract controlled by a guy and a serie of moderators/groups/controllers.
A group can be part of many groups at the same time

STATES
A state is something more important, states can only be DAOS.
The phylosohy informing this decision is meant to avoid the raise of centralized powers (they can be anyway effective using groups).
Once you accept to belong to a state, you give implicit control over your plot.
You can exit a state at anytime.

CONTROLLERS
As a matter of fact Groups and States belong to the family of controllers.
A controller can be a wallet, group, state, or any kind of contract.
Once the controller obtains control it can do virtually anything.

LAYERS
There is a list of standard layers
Such standard layers Names are loaded automatically by the interface
No plot can hide the standard layers.
New standard layers should be added later, this may need all plot owners to vote globally.

1)text
2)links
3)video
4)image
3)feed
4)dapps
5)3d objects
6)alerts
7)commercial

MARKET
The system offers a basic resolver.
Further resolvers following our standard could be created and monetized.
Contracts for groups and states can be found in the market.
The market offers the tools to resell/barter plots/layers too.
The market offers the contract for sub-plotting your plot and resell/rent-out your plots.
The sub-plot conytract is a clone of the resolver, with all permissions/skills of the resolver.
This way it is possible to split annd sub-split indefinitely your plot.
The market offers exptensions like wordpress.
You can buy sell subdomains.
You can exchange GEODs tokens to DAI and ETH

EARTH CORE AND SPACE
The planet core is not accessible, non the less it can be squatted and visited via pure virtual reality.
Same for outer space.

SOLAR SYSTEM
We create a ledger starting from geodesy.earth
We can later add geodesy.moon, gedesy.mars etc. etc.

EXTENSIONS
Plots/groups/states can have extensions
An extension allows to add basic dapps associated to the plot/groups/state and to make them visible on the interface.
An example is a wallpaper
Extensions are usually bought with money on the market.
The market is visible directly from the interface, you search and pay/install the extension (when you add an extension you just add a link passing the id of the plot/group/state to the extension once opened), the new extension appears as a button for quck opening directly from the interface/map.

VISIBILITY LIST AND SEARCH
You can buy a subdomain from us and become visible in a list/search. Your subdomain redirects to your plot coordinates.
We should have state.geodesy and allow statename.state.geodesy and we should keep track of all states.
Same for group.geodesy and groupname.group.geodesy
and for extension.geodesy for extensionname.extension.geodesy

FUNDS
1)Sponsors
2)Partnerships
3)Geodesy Market
4)Crowdfunding
5)Squatting and reselling some key places

Sponsors - group of angels/ethereum foundation/others

Partnerships
Aragon can offer DAO tools, the creation of modules for Aragon DAOS wil give us a plus.
Aragon may understand and find interest, we could ask to such projects to fund us for the creation of the tools we need to connect to their technology. So bassicaly we talk about sponsors who have a direct interest, lots of money, and want to be connected.
I will make a research and produce a list of possible partners.
We can find partnerships by aggregating layers from different platforms, and ask them to contribute in the creation. In exchange they get a visible layer.
We can airdrop tokens to holders of partner projects

Geodesy Market
The income is from selling special contracts, such as groups or states.
And subdomains to gain visibility in the public list.
We could sell commercial layers imposing them, and making them visible in the interface as commercial global layers.

Crowdfunding
AN ICO or a crowdfunding process.

GEOD TOKEN
There should be a token for each plot.
If you have a token you get a discount on Geodesy Market
When you apply a resolver to a plot you get a token (only once), so basically tokens are minted when enabling a plot on geodesy.
You get a token when you create a group or a state too.
You get a token when you register a domain.
There is a max amount of tokens.
Part are devoted to minting during ceration of domains/groups/states.
Part for airdrops  etc. etc.
Once the related part is delivered you may start paying GEODs to create groups/states
Tokens are used to publish sales on Geodesy Market, to make your plot/subplot more visible for buyers, tokens used for publishing are burnt.
If geodesy market is ownerless, part of the income goes to Geodesy DAO (controlled by token holders, to manage Geodesy Market), part of it is used to buy and burn GEODs.
Optional:
The owner of a plot can ask to make a deposit in GEODs forseeing the chance that he later has to delete a post and this will cost.
When the post is deleted by the plot owner he gets back (tricky) an amount of GEODs that equal the cost of gas for deleting the post. The exceeding amount of GEODS is burnt.
Plot owners can decide to make the business in DAI, ETH, and GEODS
You can post in any unsquatted plot by burning GEODs
In order to post on singularities you need to own GEODs. If you have 1 you can post on singularity n1, in order to post on any singularity you need 12 GEODs.
Deposits asked for posting are made in GEODs.
The best is if we can establish the cost in DAI, and it adapts to GEODs cost, maybe buying GEODs in real time from Geodesy Market, this way when one must pay someting he has the chance to pay in ETH or DAI, but he is actually buyng using GEODs, and possibly burning them if that's the rule.
Part of the tokens may go on Bancor, to offer a liquidity pool and to facilitate us the work, so maybe we don't have to build an exchange for GEODs.
Part can be sold not with an ICO but via Geodesy Market at a growing price.

VAULTS
Each plot is/has a vault (solution to be discussed)
The vault is under the control of the unique owner/DAO.








 







